So we can see here that.
It's completed imlementing slice one.
And that um.
It has 36 out of 30 tests are passing.
The performance is optimized with
compiled bindings,
error handling with graceful failure
recovery and it's class cross-platform
ready with the Windows side of this has
been validated.
Saying that it's ready to go on to slice
2 for the basic arithmetic operations.
It produced a review,
a pre a a slice one implementation
summary.
With the the basically success criteria
that it can enter a single and multiple
digit numbers,
we can enter decimal numbers,
we can edit negative numbers,
display the updates correctly,
clear and backspace work properly.
With a view of the overall architecture.
With the business and object layer layer
in the calculator app dot core with the
features of number display,
number entry and display and a common
shared domain models as well as the state
management service layer.
The calculator app Maui is the
presentation layer with the MVM,
MVVM view models,
XAML value converters and XAML UI,
and then there's a test project.
With comprehensive test coverage for
features,
the feature number entry as well as
integration tests.
Key design patterns is CQCQRS with media
mediate R the MMB MVVM dependency
injection vertical slice architecture.
Core features implemented is the number
entry commands and handlers.
The display management,
the state management,
the Maui front end features using the
MVVM Community Toolkit, async commands,
error handling,
data binding with the UI implementation
with responsive grid layout.
Compiled bindings, visual states,
accessibility. As I said,
100% test coverage with 30 handler
specific functionality test unit tests as
well as six end to end workflows and
those scenarios covered digital entry,
decimal entry, clear operations,
backspace.
Base operations,
integration flows and air conditions.
Performance optimizations are the
compiled XAML bindings,
singleton state service, async operations,
and efficient state updates that used
solid principles, clean code,
graceful error handling, and testability.
Development best practices.
It's the the vertical slice architecture,
domain divers and design,
CQRS pattern and dependency injection.
Core technologies were.net 9.
I'm not sure that that's actually what we
used.
Mediate our fluent validation community
toolkit, MVVM, X unit,
fluid assertions and custom integration
tests, Maui controls,
compiling biling value converters.
In terms of performance,
the core project build is about 5 seconds.
The Bobby build is about 15 seconds.
It takes about 2.
4 seconds to execute those 36 tests.
Total build takes about 11 seconds.
100% test coverage,
low psychochromatic complexity,
minimal code duplication and
comprehensive XML documentation.
On the validation results we get the
functional validation a lot of the major
feature if any aspects of this slice.
And the technical validation shows that
all 36 test pass,
no memory leaks in the state management,
UI responsiveness,
cross back from compatibility,
proper dependency injection in the MVBM
pattern and then it's saying it's ready
to go on to the next slices.
A couple of architectural decisions and
lessons learned.
The vertical slice architecture proved
excellent for incremental deployment or
development.
The shared state service supplies cross
handler state management.
CQRS with media are proved clean and
separation of concerns.
And a comprehensive test and testing
caught edge cases early in the
development.
So we did a test driven development
approach to improve code quality,
incremental implementation,
clear success criteria and documentation
first approach.
With a final conclusion that says that
slice one has been successfully
implemented with complete functionality
for basic number entry,
robust architecture,
complete functionality,
performance optimized and future ready
right so.
So that's a good.
Textual description gives us a level of
confidence of what it did.
It created 63 new files in this and I
manually entered a gitignore file.
Because to exclude the other 300 odd
files that were were created in OBJ files
and other OBJ directories and bin
directories and the like.
So questions on this so far.
This is looking promising.
Looking good. All right. Well,
I think a couple of things as well.
Does it actually run for one?
So let's ask you to.
Talk me through the.
Showcase.
Four slice one.
All right,
so we're gonna show you done in doing the
build.
So showcase pointed the application build
successfully.
And it's got a number of different things
it wants us to be able to do.
And now it's run the tests,
but we want to back U here.
It's having some problems getting the app
started due to pathing issues,
something I see quite a bit of.
So now it's it's on the project.
Same this is the issue.
I thought I tried to fix this but notice
it's.
Every time it opens up a new terminal
window, it gets rooted back to the.
And we're kind of in a needs to be able
to get into this directory when it opens
up a new shell.
All right,
so now it's figured out it needs to
actually.
So it's going to create a launch settings
file for us.
Again, we have the pathing problem.
I I did try to find a setting in VS code.
To have it go to the correct folder,
but I think there's a a conflict in with
my profile.
That I need to resolve.
It's still working on getting its path
straight.
Definitely something I need to
troubleshoot more.
All right, let me stop this.
I think I've figured out the problem.
Uh, let's go ahead and clear our.
Oh, it's.
And.
Let's close down some of these PowerShell
windows.
And let's try again, see if it works.
So I think the problem was is I have it
come in in my profile to already start in
the Git folder.
And.
To try to fix that,
I had a setting in Visual Studio code to
always go to the projects folder.
And.
Since power it's keeping you up opening
different integrations of PowerShell with
these commands,
it's causing it to end up in folders it
doesn't expect.
So I've taken out both of those settings
and I'm hoping that improves this.
All right, get process working.
No,
it's still not respecting that setting.
Let me try again.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's clean.
So I'm not sure what the issue is there.
It's kind of interesting as how smart the
AI seems to be.
It's really difficult to dealing with
these kinds of problems.
Which are fairly simple.
Still having the same issue.
I wonder if we could just uh.
Stop this.
Let's see if we can get it to do it.
Do I need this?
3D into the Maui A.
Then do a net run.
John, silly question.
I suppose you did build the product,
right? I could build it,
it published it and it just can't find
where to run it from.
Yeah, I mean, I did do a if we're here,
we would if we did a.net.
Girls.
I mean in that command line I don't see
the name of the project being spelled out.
Say run this.
It just says which framework to use.
So is are you on Windows 10?
Um, no. I'm on Windows 11.
So why? Why is it picking the.
NET 9 Windows 10?
That could be one red flag maybe,
but I'm not sure if that's related.
So let's take that out.
I mean,
I would just kind of look around in that
folder,
see where the actual binaries are that it
produced to make sure we are trying to
run it from the right place.
I think that's why it was adding that
command line for that framework to say it
was only gonna be running the.
Um.
dot net version of it.
So if we go to look at the file folders,
they're there already.
The calculator app core,
so this would be in the Maui.
Side of the things.
I mean,
I I don't know where these things
actually end up.
Usually it's in some bin folder or object
folder.
It all depends on the targets that's
specified in the project properties.
But since everything's generated,
I haven't seen any of that,
so I can't really help.
I'm just speculating here.
And there's the project file.
Yeah, it's still.
That's kind of frustrating.
Let me restart Visual Studio Code.
Wanted to try to pick up that setting.
It changed.
So let's bring it back up again.
All right, so we're back in our project.
OK,
so you are in the folder where the
project lives, is that correct?
This is the where the solution lives.
The solution OK uh try to try to do like
a.
net run and then do the dash dash project
and then specify the solution file.
See if that makes a difference.
Right, but this is in the Um.
Do like a dash dash project and then then
just give it the solution name.
And not the framework.
Yeah, let's skip the framework.
Maybe that's gonna help.
I mean,
I don't know where it came up with the
Windows 10 target.
Not sure where where that originates.
Yeah, I don't either.
Um.
I think it's actually the same to grab
this.
Still complaining about that Android
project.
Yeah,
maybe we should just remove all the
Android references, iOS,
just leave it at Windows and then it's
going to be simpler.
Yeah, that.
You think I could just remove these
folders? I don't think that'll be enough.
Oh no, no.
I meant like the start prompting,
say hey copilot,
remove all the operating system
Mm.
references except for Windows.
Let's just target Windows instead of
trying to make it truly cross-platform.
I mean,
we probably should have started with that
in the beginning, so.
Yeah, right. Move the.
Support or iOS?
So I I mean,
I don't know how it's all done in terms
of support for cross-platform,
but a long time ago when I used to do
things like this,
you would have to set up a bunch of
things on the machine in addition to what
you did in VS code and extensions.
So I'm not sure if what Copilot did for
you is sufficient to get this running,
but again, I'm just speculating, you know,
without looking at everything,
it's hard to know.
Yeah, and it did.
As you saw before we went to lunch,
it did install a bunch of things related
to that cost platform piece.
So it looks like it just modified the
project file.
Yeah,
let's give it a try with just Windows.
See how it works.
Mm.
Uh.
Not be able to use the launch profile.
Guess we got to figure out what's wrong
with that launch profile.
Yeah, let's start with this.
Continue to remove.
It says your project targets multiple
frameworks,
so we need to specify the framework we
want.
Well.
Maybe we need to add that framework back
in. You know where it says.
net 9 Windows 10 and just change that to
something else like Windows 11 if that's
what you're running on.
All right,
so that seemed like that worked.
Same problem with the pathing.
So restarting this code didn't fix it.
Well,
this would be a good time to do the mob
coding.
You could just push all your changes.
We all get it on our laptops and we try
to fix it in parallel.
Uh.
One of the five people will succeed.
Good idea. So let's um.
Add all of these changes.
And let's get a commit message.
And.
Go ahead and commit.
And sync those files.
All right, so it it thinks that this is.
Targeted correctly.
I don't see where it's running now.
So it succeeded in running it and you
don't see the screen or the window.
I don't. I don't see a screen.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Same pouting problem.
It looks like it's launches, but doesn't.
So let's the package and deploy it as a
proper MSIX file.
Well, I have a different problem.
I tried to run it and it's part of
building.
It's trying to install stuff and I cannot
install on my laptop. Sorry,
I I can't test your changes. Not today.
I tried.
All right. Well,
we'll just have to continue to plug away.
I'm sure that we'll.
Come up with a solution soon.
So we haven't got any problems.
Doesn't like the package.
Yeah, I don't know.
This this is getting complicated. Yeah,
I mean, typically you would build the app,
then you would publish the app that
collects all the dependencies to the same
folder and then you could just run it
from there.
Maybe when you try to run it as a project,
Mhm.
it needs some kind of a simulator.
I don't know.
This is getting, uh, quite involved here.
And it's still not running.
It thinks it has a solution,
or at least it knows what the problem is.
Oh, looks like it's a SDK issue.
Wants to reinstall the Windows App SDK.
So this might be an indication where we
would want to slice zero of some sort
that just makes sure that.
That we can take a very simple
application and get it to run.
Yeah, I agree. That's a good approach.
You just create an empty shell with not
much in there to get all the layers
working, right?
And then you start adding features.
It's still not running.
I don't see that it's running.
All right,
so it's it's going to be tough to
demonstrate, but we can't get it to run.
Well, it's it's OK.
We get the concept right. By the way,
Yeah.
I did succeed in creating a Maui app
yesterday in like 5 minutes. It worked,
popped up.
I had the screen and everything.
So um.
So that's good.
Yeah, that's good. You have an app.
You know,
it should show that it's running.
So what was the fix?
Well,
it looked to me like it replaced a whole
bunch of things in.
So.
I did a command to create a new hello
world and under source.
Created a Hello World Maui project.
Replaced a string in the file in the
Hello world.
Added the hello world text.
deleted some code out of the um main page.
Added a launch settings file in the.
Hello world Maui.
And ran it with the full path and it
works.
I think it's hung up here trying to
execute a command because the app is
still running, so it's a catch 22.
It can't tell if the app is running while
the app is running because it's hogging
up PowerShell command.
Hello.
Suppose we can have to stop it.
Ends.
This I don't want to understand.
Is it is are all of these things running
on a single thread or what's going on?
Like how? Why? Why did it get blocked?
Um.
Yeah, this is.
I think this is a like a bug in Copilot.
Notice that it's spawning all of these
PowerShell windows and it's not reusing
them and when it runs the app.
Oh, let me see.
When it runs the app,
it's opening up another PowerShell window
and then it's trying to execute a command
within that same window.
It's not it's not smart enough right now
it appears to be able to to say I want to
go back to this window and run this
command while this other window is
running a different command.
That's that seems to be the problem here.
It's a it's a an issue I I I did find
that there was a setting,
but it doesn't seem like it's working
where you could specify that it should be
reusing the same terminal window.
Next spawning up these and it it seems
like the once I set that setting it it
improved but it didn't in the middle and
it didn't immediately eliminate the
problem.
So So what I'm gonna do is tell tell it
OK, but.
that the.
Working.
What is the difference?
Between.
Hello world.
in a calculator.
That would.
cause that calculator to not run.
See if we can figure something out.
Hmm.
Can you guys hear me?
I I don't hear anyone.
Yeah.
OK. John, John. Oh, OK. Sorry, John.
And that was me. I'm sorry about that. Oh,
it was me. I I apologize.
So we we were able to run the app and I
think we saw that we were able to do all
of the slice one.
Nice one.
Um.
Uh, showcase features.
Where we can edit in numbers,
we can back out of those numbers,
we can add a decimal point.
We can clear the contents and start over.
So all of this functionality seems to be
working fine.
Any questions or comments on that?
Do you want to look at the the code that
was implemented or should we go on to
slice 2?
Are there any UI tests or just unit tests?
Right now that we're just what I saw were
unit test and integration test.
Do you want to see if we can implement a
UI test?
OK.
Yeah, I'd be curious to see what it does.
And let me clear the context from all
that debugging. Let's close all of our.
Files.
And say add a UI test or.
Slice on.
Can we can we do a push on the working
code before we change it?
Sure.
Or maybe it's too late. Sorry,
I said it too late. OK,
Oops.
Oh.
the next set of working code.
Let's do a push.
Next checkpoint.
Well, let's we we can stop this.
We can say stop and we can go back.
Mm.
Um.
I was looking for that checkpoint of here.
I'll see it.
Doesn't want to get changed this file.
Oh, let's go ahead and do our commit.
I want to verify it works before we do
that.
Yeah.
Well,
I don't think I can 'cause I tried and it
wouldn't let me install.
No, I'm saying I'm gonna,
I'm gonna try to run it here.
So whoever, whoever has an admin password,
sorry.
If somebody has an admin password,
they can do it maybe.
I was just wanted to verify that it that
short prompt execution didn't change
anything.
Significant.
It looks like it still runs fine.
OK.
So.
Let's go over here and add another.
State some changes. Let's add a message.
Go ahead and commit it and push those
changes.
All right, so clear our contacts again.
Let's close down our windows.
And add a UI test for slice one.
We're seeing that we're not seeing any
light to us.
Did you should we have specified what
kind of technology to use it for the test?
No,
'cause that's what I'm mostly curious
about,
to see what it picks for this framework.
All right.
All right, UI tests.
So it's modifying the code to support the
UI testing.
Um.
Calculator app Maui unit tests UI test
dot infrastructure is the technology it's
going to be using.
Wait for A to be ready.
Oh, that's something we didn't test is to.
You're actually trying to type in
something we know it doesn't understand.
So that looks pretty straightforward. Um.
It's updated the main page.
So it's adding X names to.
All the controls.
And this would be a point where we want
to go back and say in our.
Definition of slices or other instruction
file that says.
We also need to have a UI test for each
slice as well.
So now it's going and creating some tests.
Here's the number entry test file.
Should deploy a single digit when a
number button is tapped.
Tab number a sync, sort the display value.
And then it's gonna go tap all of these
buttons.
So I thought, well,
I think an interesting thing is that not
only did it create the test,
but it did go back and modify the code to
make your to make it testable.
Yeah, that's that's really helpful.
Can you scroll to the very top so I can
see the imports?
Sure.
And then can you Scroll down just a
little bit so I can see where it
initializes the app?
A little bit more.
This is the first test.
What is uh can you control click in the
tab number async?
Uh, up here.
Line 26.
Or or at least go to that method wherever
it's at.
Uh, I think I need.
It was up there at the base UI test,
I think it said.
If I keep these changes, is it done yet?
No, it's still thinking.
About this this one.
Here.
Yeah, that's it.
All right.
App OK,
so can you go to to the top where it
initializes the app?
OK.
All right,
and then scroll up to the top again,
please, so I can see the imports.
OK, interesting. All right. Thank you.
Yeah.
Anybody else want to look at any of the
code?
So we can see what it's changed here.
It's changed the app solution file to add
our reference to the Maui test
infrastructure.
Oh, actually is that the test project?
We talked,
we already talked about the main page
changes.
There's the new test UI test project.
Which then references the Maui
application itself.
created a README file for the UI testing.
And how to run the tests,
the test helper methods.
The names of the buttons it's trying to
contest. That looks good.
Here's the UIUI testing setup guide.
And looks like we're down to our last
video here.
And from these icons we can saw these are
all added files. This is a file that was.
Changed. That's untracked, and these are.
File type any changes.
So here's an example of what I was saying
that you ask it to create tests and
typically they're don't run the first
time.
These are all just like dependency
problems.
And another common.
Issue I see cropping up is where here
it's actually implemented what he thought
the display result should be,
but it actually turns out there's a
different signature.
It has to change that.
And looks like we now got a good build.
And let's see if the tests work.
57 tests failed.
I know we're short on time,
so we don't have to triage the test
failures.
I was just curious what kind of structure
it would create at the initial go of it.
Sure.
Well, let's give it one more pass.
If it doesn't pass on the next run,
we'll stop it and move on.
Any any just random questions I can
answer while you were watching this grass
grow?
Uh, mediate our problem.
So it wants a downgrade mediator.
That's interesting.
So it that particular library requires a
license.
So that would be something that we'd need
Right.
to stipulate within the prompt as well,
right? Or the instructions?
Right,
we would say you only use this version of
media R and nothing beyond it.
Or maybe specify a different technology.
OK.
All right, I think we can allow.net clean.
Now we're down to 4 field tests.
I think that's retty cool.
All right, so let's move on.
Let's clear our contexts.
Uh, keep and continue.
So do you want me to push this version?
Yes, please.
All right, here we go.
All right,
let's close our files cause these
automatically get added to our context.
All right, so now we can go back.
I'm gonna skip that. There it is.
So let's go ahead and implement.
It's nice too.
So with a lot of the installation pieces
and requirements and prerequisites
already been satisfied,
it should be able to go and produce the
OR implement slice 2.
Pretty much on its own and in slice one I
I I I get went and got some food and when
I came back up after about 20 minutes or
so it was waiting for input and so I
approved that input and it finished the.
The implementation implementation of
slides one about about quarter 2.
And this implementation should be
somewhat faster, I would expect,
because of the fact that it's the
foundational slice is already in place.
And with that foundational slice in place,
I'd be really curious to try to implement
multiple slices on different branches at
the same time and see if they see how
well they integrated when you try to move
them all back to main.
Because the one of the requirements that
we stipulated was that it should be able
to be each slide should be independently
implemented.
And with the way the the way the feature
is actually implemented in the actual
files.
Where we have features and we have now
basic arithmetic going in.
Um.
There should be little contact,
very little shared.
Implementation outside of what goes into
common.
So here you can see that it's it's doing
a lot of basic figuring out what need to
do based on existing files that were in
the context before.
It might be a good idea for us to to.
Start with a.
A previous session file and say OK,
here's the context from proceeding on.
Once you have the foundation,
this is the context that you need to to
use in order for you to go ahead and
implement another slice.
Might make might speed the process up a
bit.
So it's modifying the.
Our calculator state.
Actually, yeah, yeah,
and the calculator itself.
Main page and view model is changing.
Adding some of our the core arithmetic
features.
And I think you get the the sense of what
I was talking about earlier when I was
saying that once I started the process of
creating the once I had the the
requirements file that pretty much AI is
assisting it by generating most of what
the implementation is.
And what the instruction files were and
the like.
And what we're trying to do is assisted
in debugging and assisted in in the,
you know,
making some decisions along the way on an
implementation.
But this is largely an AI driven process.
Any other questions?
All right,
it's gotten to a point where it thinks it
can test it.
Some comilation errors to fix.
All right, from six failures to three.
And now all the tests are working.
So let's compare what we did on the first
day.
With what we're doing today and.
In my mind,
the improvements I'm seeing is that we're
getting a much better implementation
that's cleaner and we're getting it
faster than we were getting it on on the
first day because we're already now in a
position where we have a have a user
interface.
Or that we had to add that at the end.
So now we can try.
Uh.
Operations.
Uh, we can actually.
Type in letters.
That that that doesn't get accepted as
input.
Cool. Any questions on this?
Yeah, I think that's a pretty good shot.
Well,
I think I I know I definitely can see the
benefits of using this like the the
vertical slicing approach because you we
can see that technology start to build up
as we go along and we can verify it much
earlier in the process.
Oh,
now it's creating a summary document for
slice 2.
So improvement I'd always see right now
would be we're not specifying that we
need to that we want some UI testing and
that that would be something that we
would want to make sure that we have in
order to keep.
Keep it from regressing and of course you
know adding it to to our build process
would be a.
Uh, desirable.
Well.
So um.
So I just noticed we missed something
after I restarted Visual Studio code.
Any idea what that might have been?
Is it that we're using the basic agent?
To use our chat.
That's correct.
We didn't switch back to the to the
Yeah.
senior senior developer persona.
So what I think we should do next now
that we have a, you know,
two implementations or just one
implementation based on that,
let's go ahead and see if we can ask that
senior.
Engineer to review the code.
O It looks like it's finished.
Let's keep all of this.
Click it created 19 new files.
Let's commit these changes.
And then let's change our persona.
To our senior SATA engineer.
And ask it to.
Review this.
Code base.
So I think that's something that was a
tool that we also have to add in to the
persona to say that you're actually can
look at the entire code base.
Yeah, so I wanted to.
close down these files.
Did we not?
It looks like it's, uh,
like it's missing a tool.
2.
Yeah,
not sure I'm gonna get what I want out of
this. We didn't really.
So it's reading out the summary file.
All right, it's good.
It does have some some opinions here at
the end.
And it's actually something to things
that are likely improved.
Key strength,
clean architecture with proper separation
concerns,
comprehensive test covers with good
patterns,
consistent use of modern C shar features,
well organized code structure,
priority improvements.
Our add input validation to prevent
invalid states.
Extract the display formatting to a
dedicated service.
Implement the decimal point support.
This one I don't kind of.
Interested in why it thinks that it
doesn't have decimals apart and then to
consider thread safety.
So.
So anyway,
so that give us some idea of what it is,
but it it basically like the
implementation pretty much a solid
software engineering practices,
clean architecture,
contraband testing and it again emphasize
that it likes this vertical slice
approach.
So we might got a might have gotten a
slightly improved implementation had we
had used the proper persona when we did
that.
So everything here is committed.
So why don't we have that persona? Yes.
Sure.
Yeah, I was gonna say,
so if you use the persona to implement
the third slice,
will it clean up the previous stuff it
thinks is wrong or will it just add the
third slice?
But what we could do is we can implement
the third slice and then we could ask it
to review what it did and see if it if it
flags those as errors or or or issues.
That would be one way of evaluating that
or and we can.
We can.
We can take a look at some of the
recommendations here for testing
improvements that wants more integration
tasks, for instance.
And see if those get created and property
based tests.
So and this is not a bad approach I think
to as we're going through the as we're
going through slice to slice is to is to
build up a set of prompts that we would
want to apply to review to to assess help
us into reviewing the implementation as
we go along.
And potentially running those prompts in
different models and see if those models
agree on things or disagree on things and
see if that can help us find areas where
we can improve things.
And you can approach this in a couple of
different ways.
Once they make those recommendations,
you can have them implement the.
Recommendations in the current state of
the app,
or you can actually go back and update
your instruction files and roll back to
the previous state and then see if you
can improve the output by improving the
instruction files.
And I think the benefit of that approach
is that the learnings that you get as you
go from slice to slice get get folded
back into the into into the documents
that are producing the implementation and
help prevent you having those same issues
rolling forward,
which is what I've been trying to do.
In my work like along these lines is to
to to let the A I generate things to
review the output that it produces and
then see what I can do to update and
prove the instructions and the prompts in
the chat modes in order for it to give me
a better output, a better output.
The first time.
So let's go ahead and try for slice 3.
John,
are these custom chat modes more
expensive than the regular ones?
No, no. I mean, well,
I would say they're they're no more
It's the same OK.
expensive than an instruction file or a
profile in the sense that they get
tokenized in the same way.
The only difference I think between the
agent mode and the edit mode is that.
And the agent mode, out mode and *** mode,
those are essentially prompts that are
built in and optimized, you know,
by the by the vendor.
So they may be more efficient and and
less costly in terms of tokens than the
ones we're able to do by hand.
OK.
And then if you're on a complex prompt
like what you're doing here,
just implement slides free and it runs
for half an hour.
Is that a single request or is that
multiple requests in terms of token usage
or not token usage do you?
In terms.
Allowance that we have with the
enterprise subscription.
So far as I understand it's this is a
single request that we're making and as
long as it the request isn't so big that
it that it overflows some buffer that in
OK.
terms of processing it,
it's considered a single request.
And.
So do we know what what those limits are?
Is that obvious?
Is there any kind of guide for this?
Well, sometime.
Yeah,
I I mean you'll see some things when your
when your context window starts to get
full,
you start to get messages back indicating
that it was not able to handle your
request or other things or other messages
similar to that where it's having issues
that or can't respond to directly.
And those are usually indications that
you're starting to get close to where
you're filling up your context window.
You know,
I I I think there's a there certainly the
copilot team understands that we need
better transparency into what it's doing.
Behind the scenes in order for us to be
able to control that.
And so I'm hoping that you know the next
week that we might even get some new
features announced that will.
Give us more guidance in terms of being
able to control the number of tokens get
generated,
at least at least evaluate what the
problem is or and give us more feedback
in terms of when it's running into issues
like that that we can that we have some
some idea that they are occurring.
Yeah, I'm just trying.
I'm starting to wonder like if you craft
these instruction files and the prompt
files properly, like everything is set up,
you already went through 10 iterations
and it's perfect.
Then with a singular request you can
essentially generate a fully functional
app almost.
That's what it feels like.
Is that an incorrect or something?
I would say that's,
I think that's the we're moving towards
that goal, but I don't,
I don't think that it's something that we
could do today and it wouldn't be
something I would feel comfortable with
today simply because as we've gone
through the process,
we've seen issues that would pop up in
different.
Files or different instruction files or
different pieces of code that get
generated.
Just the fact that we ran the senior
software engineer against the code that
we already have and it was able to give
us some suggestions in terms of
improvements.
Would tell me that that if we really care
about the implementation of being being
maintainable is that we we definitely
want to try to stay in the loop as much
as we can and this process that we're
going through here in the in the course
of a you know a.
1/2 a day to reduce all of this code.
I would expect to take longer just in
terms of the pre,
the pre thought that we want to put into
the instructions and the testing of the
instructions,
the prompts and the chat modes to just to
be sure that we're getting what we expect
out of them and then the review process
on the other end once we were satisfied
that we had the.
Correct prompts and chat modes and
instructions on the front end that we
were still getting what we wanted on the
back end.
So I would slow your roll a little bit.
I mean,
I definitely have gotten myself into
trouble by not paying enough attention to
that on projects.
And had to rollback, you know,
major implementations because it turned
out that the AI was going down a path
that wasn't actually sustainable.
And so that so and the other way of
thinking about it is.
If you think about it from the
perspective that this is AI assisted and
not just AI generated.
And you need to stay on top of this code
base.
You need to stay on top of what these
instruction, right? You.
Yeah, of course. OK, I'm glad.
I'm glad you said that.
So we still need humans.
Oh yeah, yeah. Like I said, I don't,
particularly when you're dealing with a a
problem domain where you've got
regulatory compliance to deal with and
you've got, you know,
people's lives at stake.
I would not feel comfortable just letting
pushing a button and walking away and
then coming back and.
A couple of days and saying we're ready
to go to production, you know,
that's that I think is still so far away
the way and I think it's going to take us
a while even just in the models that we
have now,
which are I think capable and I think if
you look at the implementation that we're
getting now, this is a.
I think it's fairly highly.
Competent implementation, right? You know,
I think it is using a from the
perspective of a.
Hmm.
So what did it do here?
Didn't create any files.
The.
Well,
we have the senior software thing enabled.
Oh, you jinxed us. You asked the question.
You asked the question.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm gonna stop asking questions.
We asked a question and mute the response
length on our limit so we could try it
again. Sometimes this this will work.
OK, so there are limits. Good to know.
Yep.
And there's another problem that we
haven't run into yet that is configurable
is that it will.
It will prompt you to say to say I've
been working on this problem for a long
time. Do you want to continue?
And that's a there's a set,
Yeah, I've seen that.
there's a setting that you can increase
that and I've doubled the size of that on
in my current workstation right now.
To try to keep it from popping up sooner,
I I I said.
I'm not know what what the upper limit of
that is,
but I get that message a lot less now
because having done that,
I think that's in one of the slides.
But that setting is.
Can you click on that? Uh,
it's like the wrench and screwdriver
symbol to like configure the tools.
A little bit suspicious that we haven't
actually.
Yeah,
see we haven't actually enabled the edit
tool.
I I think whenever like earlier when we
tried to get it to reconfigure this mode,
I don't think it did it correctly.
So let's stop this then,
since it's not gonna do us any good.
Let's go back and revisit these.
There's 36 of the built in ones.
For us.
Right so well,
so this is a question I don't have an
answer to at at the moment,
but if the chat if the chat mode
specifies it needs to be able to edit.
Does that assume that you have to have
the the tool enabled as well?
Um.
That's my understanding, but you know,
I also am not an expert, so.
Um.
Oh.
So that we don't need the Azure one,
don't need the SQL Server one,
we don't need the mark one and the code
review one might be useful.
Here's where we deal with um.
Let's make sure we have the ones we want
for nothing for Azure AI toolkits.
Uh, that looks good.
Uh, let's close down.
All right. Third time's a charm.
Still time for questions.
Are you going to e-mail us all the
recordings from all these sessions after
we are done?
Yeah, I think,
I I think LB is gonna be taking care of
that.
OK. Thanks.
Right.
And I'm not sure how she's gonna
distribute them, but uh.
Oh, 12 two days in this one.
So it's working on a directory structure.
I I have one more question about those
chat modes.
So if you configure something called the
senior software engineer that's doing a
perfect job,
why would you ever want to not use that?
Well,
you would want to have a senior test
Like.
engineer so that you could use that test
engineer to to review the tests and to
implement additional tests for instance.
So there's different roles that you have
in your software team and you can create
a a role for create a chat mode for each.
One of them that can assist them in doing
their job with the assistance of AI.
So that's one way of looking at it.
I don't see necessarily a need for a
junior software engineer role, right?
That seems to me like.
Yeah, that's what I was wondering about.
But then again, you might actually,
you know, you you could think that, OK,
if you are a junior software engineer,
what additional kinds of support do you
need in order to be for to be effective,
right?
There might be tools that you're not
allowed to use. There might be.
Functions or prompts that you shouldn't
be able to execute.
Things like that might be something way
that you can to make a make a software
engineer more functional.
You might give them access or to,
you know, more detailed instructions.
On how to accomplish things like,
you know,
how they can go about creating new
instruction files or the like.
So there there could be a role,
a role for that. I'd have to think more,
OK, nice.
think more about it.
But yeah.
So it sounds like either way we should we
should create our personas and we should
But you might just.
use these. It kind of makes sense.
I think that makes sense.
Well,
let's see if we can get this one in under
the wire.
Let's switch the slides.
Maybe there's something else we can talk
about there before we wrap up.
Let's start it from the beginning,
so let me jum down towards the end.
No, I'm looking.
I'm not seeing too much here.
Are there any books you would recommend
on this topic or do we just talk to a
copilot now?
copilot is going to answer all of our
questions.
Oh,
what was that one book I was recommending
to people? It was it was something.
It was something on the lines of.
I'll find it for you now and reference it,
but the basic gist of it was how to tell.
When A I was basically pulling your leg
into trying to trying to frame and manage
expectations about what A I can and
cannot do and I thought that was a useful.
Way of grounding our work because it's
very easy.
I think when you start to work with this
all the time to just kind of trust the A
I more than you should and because it's
the easiest path and so.
I think it's useful to keep in mind that
we're only dealing with a prediction
engine and not a true knowledge engine.
And so anyway,
those kinds of books are interesting.
Uh.
I What did I see?
There was a I listened to Jon Stewart's
podcast and he had somebody on that was
explaining to him what AI, what AI was,
which is really great because it was
obviously trying to talk to a general
audience. I thought that was interesting.
I can find you.
I'll link to that.
There's a couple of podcasts that I
listened to that I that I help me keep up
to date on what's what's going on,
both from the perspective of, you know,
what's coming new in terms of.
A I features and as well as some of the
how to deal with or how how the industry
is dealing with some of the environmental
impacts of of building the infrastructure
that are necessary to support these a I's.
Just recently I heard that Meta is
building a a.
A data installation for handling a I
that's as big as the in Texas that as big
as the island of Manhattan.
Which is mind boggling to think and the
you know the implications of something
Yep.
like that from just just from the power
perspective and how having to support
something like that is is something to
keep an eye on.
Does anybody else have questions?
I I still have more.
I.
Gone.
So I I just have one more actually about
the models.
So what if I was to create a model that's
called, you know,
teleflex knowledge base and it knows
everything about everything inside
teleflex? How would I go about that?
Or is this not a couple of question?
Um.
Well,
I mean if you have a model you can add
that to copilot and you can create your
own,
you know knowledge bases based on those
and include those as a as as a tool that
they that you can take advantage of so.
In terms of creating those models,
the first thing place I would look for
that is the is one of the tools that you
have available to you in our tool list
would be is the AI toolkit for Visual
Studio code will allow you to add that AI
into Visual Studio and give you.
Guidance on that and then go look at some
of the AI support in Azure.
If you're using Azure,
that will help you actually build those
models and train those models on your.
Um.
On your knowledge base and you could also,
depending upon what your the the state of
your code is,
you could train it on your code base as
well and it would then.
So, so when you say, oh, I'm sorry,
I I just when you say knowledge base,
Go ahead.
knowledge base,
what is the definition of that?
Is that just a bunch of blobs?
Like could it be anything source code,
documents, all these things?
It could be all those things, right?
It could be, you know,
you certainly could train it on all any
documentation that you think is relevant
that you want to continue to use as a
part of their co-generation process that
thinks,
that thinks that values that could
describe.
You know specific requirements that you
have in terms of compliance.
You can you can upload those into your
knowledge base and then you can then add
to your instruction file that that that.
That your your code needs to be compliant
with all of these,
all of these compliance or demands that
you have on you,
and then you could provide examples of
how you actually or strategies for
actually how you address those.
Compliance issues.
So you might not just say that you need
to be compliant to this,
but this is how you should be compliant
with it and what you wanted and it will
then be be part of your instruction file.
And then then one more question I thought
of when when we are talking about like
use cases and the ORM,
you know generating code from diagrams,
do you have any recommendations on how to
capture these use cases like any industry
Yep.
standards that you prefer?
I don't know of any industry standards,
but I would be interested in saying, OK,
here's a document or a set of documents.
Can you produce an ARM model from those
documents and then?
You know,
provide it with a doc within with a with
knowledge about you know what that what
an or model actually consists of so that
it would know how to actually create them
and see if it can produce that or help
you produce those models.
And that would be an interesting process
because it would then say, OK,
I'm going to go back to the.
The the artifacts that have been produced
by a subject matter expert and then have
it produce some documentation or some
models based on that that documentation
that that can be gone taken back to those
subject matter experts and validated.
And then once it's valid,
it can be then used to drive
implementation as we saw a bit of
yesterday.
Great. Thanks.
I'm gonna stop asking questions because
All right, will it?
looks like we are almost out of time now.
Yeah,
I wanted to thank you guys for your
attention and and for engaging us to do
this course.
It was really helpful for me to kind of
go through the exercises.
I changed the course quite a bit as we
were going along to try to make it more
relevant and to and grounded a little bit
better and.
Real world things.
So that was very helpful to me and I'm
hoping that this is helpful to you and
let's let's keep the conversation going.
If you find yourself an interest in one
of building one of those internal models,
code can definitely has.
Has the knowledge to do that,
so we could definitely help help you
there.
And so I I look at this as you know,
potentially the start of something and
not just the finish of something, so.
John, thank you very much.
I think that was eye-opening at least for
me that that exceeded expectations in
terms of the capabilities and I think you
taught us a lot.
I think it's a time for us to digest and.
Understand how we could use it towards
product development and commercialisation
and application of this knowledge and we
would love to have you as our mentor
going forward with on this on this
journey.
That would be great. I would enjoy that.
So I wish you guys if you have any
questions, feel free to contact me.
I'd be happy to help you any way I can.
Absolutely.
Thank you so much everyone for for for
this week. I hope you enjoyed this.
Let's work group next week or a week
after how we would like to utilize it.
I think there's a lot of value here that
that we need to bring in and and
strategize how how to go forward.
Thank you so much.
Have a great weekend though.
Yep. Thank you.
Yep. Thanks.
Thank